take that commander cody okay so they
play pretty rough up there on the moon
now it's time for the time or temporal
evidence as you may know it's estimated
that our universe is about 20 billion
years old now this figure is in debate
but from a 1977 Livermore study from
brown and Berman using rhenium osmium
decay rates they determined that that
figure 20 billion years seems to be
accurate others have pared it down to
13.8 billion years and yet a new study
from my ohio state universe versity
indicates that it may be 15 point eight
billion years or fifteen percent older
than they thought but the point is that
we on earth are decidedly on the younger
edge of the cosmological time scale
we're 4.5 billion years old so anywhere
from 66 to 70 seven percent of all
extent planets should be older than we
are now what does that mean in terms of
time well if you were to teleport a 1607
Londoner to 1707 I daresay he would have
seen any difference in technological
progress but if you were to teleport a
1907 New Yorker to 2007 New York he
would definitely suffer severe case of
future shock that's because once you
enter the computer error the atomic
you're the nuclear era progress shoots
up exponentially so that a difference of
a hundred years could mean at 10 20 or
30 fold increase in technological
progress and we're talking not just
about planets older than us that are 100
years older but perhaps a thousand ten
thousand even a million years older for
those entities on such planets
everything and anything in terms of
interplanetary interstellar even
intergalactic space travel might be
possible now I knowledge a plant that's
3.5 billion years old might actually be
more advanced and we r 1 5.5 billion
years old might be less advanced but
overall time argues for technological
progress and it certainly argues for the
possibility of ancient astronauts
visiting our planet even in the distant
past
in fact they might have been responsible
for the demise of the mighty dinosaurs
65 million years ago